Folder Structure of Angular project:
 
 a.e2e: end to end testing--used for testing the user behaviour on server.
 b.node_modules folder: containes the folders which are installed into our application when created a project.
 c.src: source code of angular application 
 d.package.json: imp for every npm project. contains basic information software vesrion,dependencies which are in use
 e.package-lock-json: no new versions will be updated to run the project.runs on older versions.
 f.editorconfig file: used to set up team environment with standard rules followed by developers.
 g.gitignore file: ignores in the git repository.
 h.angular.json file: contains configuration of project.replaced angular-cli.json.
 i.browserslist: used by autoprefixer to adjust css to suport the specified browsers.
 j.test.js & karma.config.js: used for testing purposes.
 k.README.mdfile: contains description of project which we like to give to end user so they can start using app in great way.
 l.ts config.app.json: used during compilation of application & contains configuration information.
 m.tsconfig.json:contains configuration for typescripts.
 n.tsconfig.spec.json: used for testing purpose in node.js , helps in maintaing the details for testing.
 o.tslint.json:used for maintability , functionality and readability errors for typescript code.
 src folder:
 Contains subfolders and files
 a.app folder:files created by deafult in this when we create an ng application.
 b.assets: we can store static assets like images,icons etc..,files, which needs to be copied while building application,
 c.environments:to store environment, specific configuration of database credentials or server adress.
 d.favicon.ico: icon displays on browser.
 e.index.html:Contains html code with head and body section.
 f.main.ts file:entry point for our angular application.
 g.polyfills.ts: used for browser related configuration,also used by compiler to compile ts code to specific js method
                 fill the gap to provide js features needed by angular and supported by latest version.
 h.spect.ts:just for inspection.
 i.app module: ng application itself ia module,
               used to launch or build the code of application.
               Any functionality can be made into a chunks.
 j.app.module.js: bootstrap ha its component which has a logic code and reference to html, css.
 k.app.componets:contains all components code for controlling its functionality.
 l.routing.module.ts:contains routing configuration.
                     purpose is to load & configure the router in a seperate file or for readability.

Bundling and minification:

2 imp process that angular adopts to reduce the size of application
minification: removes white spaces,unwanted variable within file,
              conatins big variable names to smaller variable names.
